yes
so this is the batter that goes in oh
and look at that look at how it's
getting all that
dark crispy like crust crust to it
all right check it out guys it's trevor
james we are
deep in the kampung with our buddy marks
simply enact in the rice fields of
penang
malaysia and today mark is bringing us
for a full
on street food tour of penang let's
check it out guys this is so
beautiful look at the green rice paddies
[Music]
this is it penang malaysia
one of my personal favorite food and
noodle destinations in the world
you're gonna get hungry watching this
video
let's eat mark is bringing us for an
ultimate
indian me goreng with sotong
right yes and we're just driving through
penang
look at all this beautiful architecture
and you can actually smell
squid in the air next
up we're gonna have a really really
delicious me
sauton yeah oh miso tong yeah so it's
indian fried noodle meat gourang
and they top it up with some cuttlefish
sauton curry right in the curry right in
the hopper center in the hawker center
here
in the x-planet park right next to fort
con wallace
so let's go get some delicious migorang
check it out guys 36.2 not bad just
write down your name and
yeah boom oh and here we are me special
so tall
and we've just walked into the ultimate
squid curry noodle joint yes the humid
pata
oh and this is where it starts bean
trout bean sprout goes in
and then it goes oh and then the
mountain of noodles
look at that mountain lots of noodles
and it's gonna be full of a squid curry
yeah
just this beautiful red pot of ruby red
curry
look at how much sauce he's putting in
there yeah oh my gosh
that is looking strong wow look at how
much curry's in there
oh a little salt a bit sugar oh sugar a
beer soy
oh and i think vinegar soy and vinegar i
think so yeah
nice oh and then here comes the tofu
tofu and the fritta
and fritter wow and it's just so
beautiful you can smell that
squid curry the richness of the curry
the richness
oh here we go eggs are going in and
what's he gonna do with these eggs he's
gonna scramble it and then it's gonna
combine with the noodle oh
wow and we got two woks going on here
yeah oh he's throwing the noodles in
yeah
into those scrambled eggs eggs and then
they mix it no way look at that combo
wow and he's making them all over here
yes so what do we got here
so that's a deep fried shallots on top
oh deep fried chocolate yeah and then
top it up with a spring onion
and then that's the squid curry right
there and lime
and lime yeah and here's the curry yeah
oh and he's adding on squid curry
yeah sotong curry wow
that smells delicious you can actually
see big chunks of squid in there
yes nom pox it up bounce it up oh
and then just topping it with green
onion yeah and here we are at the front
of the line
yes sir and we got all the noodles ready
to eat
let's go try it out are you excited
beautiful coconut shake
oh with the coconut shake here yes it's
a good combination
wow coconut and ice cream yes and there
they are
look at that guys we got the sloppy miso
tong yes
so the top is actually squid curry red
curry and underneath it's the
noodle that's cooked in the curry as
well and it gave so much squid curry
and it's just sloppy yeah and you can
just break that lime over top right yes
it's best to break the lime over top
because oh it's gonna add some freshness
just that's indian
[Music]
wow it's very deep in flavor yeah it is
deep man i love the tofu as well
[Music]
and we're off yeah let's go get more
food and we are stopping midway for a
blackthorne durian break oh look at that
beautiful this is 2.8 kilos man and this
is premium grade
and this is the grade that they use for
export markets
export grade so oh yeah and what's
special about black thorn is it like
more sweet
creamy creamy and it's limited limited
rare
[Music]
it's less strong than i thought it would
be it's actually quite gentle
gentle yeah yeah
and next up mark is bringing us for a
famous
malaysian chinese hockey and me the
ultimate prawn
curry broth noodle mark is bringing us
to a famous
hokkien me yes which is a prawn stock
with pork ribs with noodles and sprouts
and also roasted pork belly as well
pork belly and here it is yeah niha tiny
house
how's
you can get your rice noodle your bihoon
and then it's
served with sprouts slices of pork
herbal egg
purple egg oh yeah bronze and prawn yeah
nice look at that so i'm going to order
hot candy
with all the add-on ingredients all
topped up part of the
purple look at that yeah this is the tag
team
oh oh and there's the meaty leg piece
yeah oh that's the fat
and it's going right in oh man and look
at that broth
it's so rich with shrimp yeah oh and
there's big pork bone in there too
oh and here's the broth wow that's pure
pocky and me shrimp noodle broth
oh man so many incredible aromas coming
from this
and here comes the broth right yeah
that's the shrimp broth yes
you can smell that rich shrimp aroma
wow um yeah the umami
and then to top it all off you have
poor crackling sprinkle on it right on
top yeah
thank you thank you so here we go
beautiful
oh yeah wow look at that combo
oh chickasha oh chiangma yes let's get
one of those
wow looks good so this is the batter
that goes in
with spring oh nice and then the egg
goes in
oh solid egg yolks yeah so it's a batter
with the whole egg
yes oh and look at that look at how it's
getting all that
dark crispy like crust crust to it
can't you like thai trilla yeah
and these are classic penang street food
classic finished street food oyster
omelette coming here you've got to try
one of these oh and then it goes right
on the plate
and he's going to top that with oyster
oh and here comes the oyster
look at those chili goes in oh
chili that looks delicious
oh with some chili there we go they're
good to go
thank you thank you all right man there
we are oyster omelet man
look at those that's the baba hockey and
me yes
so coming to penang you've got to have
the penang pro noodle also known as
hokkien me
so the broth is made from rich
prawn shells with pork ribs and chili
and shallots
top it out with chili look at that big
spoon of chili paste
and then it's got all these toppings
yeah that fatty pork leg
the pork lard the shrimp oh yeah and
should we just mix that in
yeah just give it a good make give it in
okay let's get that chiliad slurp ranger
yeah
keep slurping go for the perfect slurp
and then you just take it down
yeah okay here we go here we go
oh my goodness that shrimp
broth it's so complex and then there's a
spiciness to it as well
with all the toppings the fatty pork and
i think i got one of these pork cards in
there as well
the cracklings and then with the noodles
and the intestine yeah it's all
in man
[Music]
that's one of the best noodles in the
world yeah yeah meat
here we have oyster omelet yeah so these
are all plum
oysters yeah that's been cooked in a bit
of a chili
and underneath it it's really crispy
fragrant egg omelette get a good grip
and then dip it in and then dip it in oh
man it was just a sweet or spicy chili
this is sweet and spicy oh
nice i love how gooey it looks yeah
because that batter
mixed with the eggs it gives it this
like super soft gooey
almost like sloppiness yes that looks
very satisfying
here we go
oh wow there's definitely garlic in this
sauce yes
i love how that oyster just burst and
the almond itself has this perfect gooey
texture
yes it's gooey so once you bite into it
wow that is a unique combo and then
there's some wake in there too
[Music]
thank you very much see you
and last up mark is bringing us for one
of his favorite
childhood memory noodles ultra
affordable
with ultra flavor okay and last up guys
mark is bringing us deep
for some bihu and fried rice noodles
yeah and we found the bihun master
tonight yeah
look at that big container that's full
of noodles oh man
we're witnessing pure mastery tonight
it's vegetable oil
vegetable oil garlic oh garlic
nice look at that yeah
oh man that smells delicious and then
the sprouts oh beansprout
oh and then here it goes the noodles
and then what do we got here dak soy
sauce dark soy
oh yeah combination yeah and then the
light soy
light soy wow that is blazing hot
and then you fry incredible look at this
mastery we're witnessing whoa and he's
just dancing with it
look at that he's getting into the bihun
groove
yeah and bunga
[Laughter]
he's rocking the wall yeah man ready to
go
served oh that's a mountain
oh and there's so many noodles whoa
look at all the noodles there oh even
more
it's a box of noodles
yeah okay so what are we ordering here
so i'm ordering a mix of beehoon
and noodle oh yeah with both the chili
and she's loaded up yeah
and the pickled chili yes this is my
favorite part right here
chili pickled chili bean curd
all right combo just look at that it's
full of
noodle man yeah oh and we're gonna get
two plates to eat right
look at this right on the street street
bihoon
chili pickled chili combo oh and the
fried tofu
the fried bean curd so we're going to
add spring roll yeah add spring roll
look at those sandwiches
all right thank you man what an awesome
spot you brought us to though
this is a childhood memory yeah he's
just rocking the walk there
round after round and this is the bihun
this is the bihun
yeah that's pure rice noodle yeah the
spring roll
it's humble food but really really good
and this is childhood memories this is
childhood memory for me
and i'm pretty sure for a lot of people
infinite oh
here we go all right
wow man that is so nice and simple just
the soy sauce
yeah simple and delicious this is all
deep fried bean curd so
and you like those i like mine with the
pickled chili
oh yeah and it's a late night just
street food hit yeah
this is right from his ancestors yes so
started from the mom and now
him that's why most of us lived around
here grew up
with this one wow and that's what i love
about malaysia is that these food stalls
get transferred down to the generation
and the flavor can stay the same yes and
that's what makes penang
so special um
you see you bye-bye hope you guys
enjoyed that street food video
make sure to leave us a comment down
below and go subscribe to mark's new
youtube channel
in the description below as well thanks
a lot for watching guys